stream-enrich/README.md, before:

# Stream Enrich

This folder contains the Docker images for [the Snowplow Stream Enrich process][stream-enrich].

There is one image per targeted platform:

- `google-pubsub`
- `kafka`
- `kinesis`
- `nsq`

## Introduction

This image is based on [the base image][base-image] which leverages
[the Java 8 Alpine image][alpine-image].

Stream Enrich runs under [dumb-init][dumb-init] which handles reaping zombie processes
and forwards signals on to all processes running in the container. This image also uses
[su-exec][su-exec], as a sudo replacement, to run Stream Enrich as the non-root `snowplow` user.

The container exposes the `/snowplow/config` volume to store the enrich configuration. If this
folder is bind mounted then ownership will be changed to the `snowplow` user.

The `-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions` and `-XX:+UseCGroupMemoryLimitForHeap` JVM options will be
automatically provided when launching Stream Enrich in order to make the JVM adhere to the memory
limits imposed by Docker. For more information, see [this article][jvm-docker-article].

Additional JVM options can be set through the `SP_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable.

## Usage

Running the container without arguments will print out its usage:

```bash
$ VERSION=0.17.0
$ docker run snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION}

snowplow-stream-enrich $VERSION
Usage: snowplow-stream-enrich [options]

  --help
  --version
  --config <filename>
  --resolver <resolver uri>
                           Iglu resolver file, 'file:[filename]'
  --enrichments <enrichment directory uri>
                           Directory of enrichment configuration JSONs, 'file:[filename]'
  --force-ip-lookups-download
                           Invalidate the cached IP lookup files and download them anew
```

Alternatively, we can mount a configuration folder and run Stream Enrich:

```bash
$ docker run \
  -d \
  -v ${PWD}/config:/snowplow/config \
  snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION} \
  --config /snowplow/config/config.hocon \
  --resolver file:/snowplow/config/resolver.json \
  --enrichments file:/snowplow/config/enrichments/ \
  --force-ip-lookups-download
```

If we want to specify additional JVM options, we can add the `SP_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable:

```bash
$ docker run \
  -d \
  -v ${PWD}/config:/snowplow/config \
  -e 'SP_JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m' \
  snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION} \
  --config /snowplow/config/config.hocon \
  --resolver file:/snowplow/config/resolver.json \
  --enrichments file:/snowplow/config/enrichments/ \
  --force-ip-lookups-download
```

For a more complete example, check out [the docker compose example][docker-compose-example].

## Copyright and license

The Stream Enrich image is copyright 2017-2018 Snowplow Analytics Ltd.

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][license] (the "License");
you may not use this software except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

[base-image]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-docker/tree/master/base
[docker-compose-example]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-docker/tree/master/example
[alpine-image]: https://github.com/docker-library/openjdk/blob/master/8-jre/alpine/Dockerfile

[stream-enrich]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow/tree/master/3-enrich/stream-enrich
[dumb-init]: https://github.com/Yelp/dumb-init
[su-exec]: https://github.com/ncopa/su-exec

[jvm-docker-article]: https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/java-se-support-for-docker-cpu-and-memory-limits

[license]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Commit message:

Modify the GCP images to use debian-base (closes #52)

stream-enrich/README.md, after:

# Stream Enrich

This folder contains the Docker images for [the Snowplow Stream Enrich process][stream-enrich].

There is one image per targeted platform:

- `google-pubsub`
- `kafka`
- `kinesis`
- `nsq`

## Introduction

This image is based on [the base image][base-image] which leverages
[the Java 8 Alpine image][alpine-image] (the Google PubSub image leverages
[the Java 8 Debian image][debian-image] due to incompatibilities with Alpine).

Stream Enrich runs under [dumb-init][dumb-init] which handles reaping zombie processes
and forwards signals on to all processes running in the container. This image also uses
[su-exec][su-exec], as a sudo replacement, to run Stream Enrich as the non-root `snowplow` user.

The container exposes the `/snowplow/config` volume to store the enrich configuration. If this
folder is bind mounted then ownership will be changed to the `snowplow` user.

The `-XX:+UnlockExperimentalVMOptions` and `-XX:+UseCGroupMemoryLimitForHeap` JVM options will be
automatically provided when launching Stream Enrich in order to make the JVM adhere to the memory
limits imposed by Docker. For more information, see [this article][jvm-docker-article].

Additional JVM options can be set through the `SP_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable.

## Usage

Running the container without arguments will print out its usage:

```bash
$ VERSION=0.17.0
$ docker run snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION}

snowplow-stream-enrich $VERSION
Usage: snowplow-stream-enrich [options]

  --help
  --version
  --config <filename>
  --resolver <resolver uri>
                           Iglu resolver file, 'file:[filename]'
  --enrichments <enrichment directory uri>
                           Directory of enrichment configuration JSONs, 'file:[filename]'
  --force-ip-lookups-download
                           Invalidate the cached IP lookup files and download them anew
```

Alternatively, we can mount a configuration folder and run Stream Enrich:

```bash
$ docker run \
  -d \
  -v ${PWD}/config:/snowplow/config \
  snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION} \
  --config /snowplow/config/config.hocon \
  --resolver file:/snowplow/config/resolver.json \
  --enrichments file:/snowplow/config/enrichments/ \
  --force-ip-lookups-download
```

If we want to specify additional JVM options, we can add the `SP_JAVA_OPTS` environment variable:

```bash
$ docker run \
  -d \
  -v ${PWD}/config:/snowplow/config \
  -e 'SP_JAVA_OPTS=-Xms512m -Xmx512m' \
  snowplow-docker-registry.bintray.io/snowplow/stream-enrich-nsq:${VERSION} \
  --config /snowplow/config/config.hocon \
  --resolver file:/snowplow/config/resolver.json \
  --enrichments file:/snowplow/config/enrichments/ \
  --force-ip-lookups-download
```

For a more complete example, check out [the docker compose example][docker-compose-example].

## Copyright and license

The Stream Enrich image is copyright 2017-2018 Snowplow Analytics Ltd.

Licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0][license] (the "License");
you may not use this software except in compliance with the License.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

[base-image]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-docker/tree/master/base
[docker-compose-example]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow-docker/tree/master/example
[alpine-image]: https://github.com/docker-library/openjdk/blob/master/8-jre/alpine/Dockerfile
[debian-image]: https://github.com/docker-library/openjdk/blob/master/8-jre/slim/Dockerfile

[stream-enrich]: https://github.com/snowplow/snowplow/tree/master/3-enrich/stream-enrich
[dumb-init]: https://github.com/Yelp/dumb-init
[su-exec]: https://github.com/ncopa/su-exec

[jvm-docker-article]: https://blogs.oracle.com/java-platform-group/java-se-support-for-docker-cpu-and-memory-limits

[license]: http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
